Document FXIOS-11533 [Readmes] Simplify referencing Xcode versions and update links (#25057)
mozilla-mobile/firefox-ios: firefox-ios/README.md

This is the subdirectory that contains the Firefox for iOS application.

> For versions of Xcode and Swift this branch of Firefox for iOS works with, and the minimum iOS supported version, see [readme](../README.md) at the root of the project.

Author: Thanks for the thorough check, and especially for reviewing the language!! Appreciate the help. I'll go through the individual threads and amend as necessary.

> For versions of Xcode and Swift this branch of Firefox for iOS works with, and the minimum iOS supported version, see [readme](../README.md) at the root of the project.

Author: Lovely. Kept the original verbosity in case there was a reason (esp. with reference to branches, i.e. in case it's being looked at on a particular release etc. — that's why I made the link relative, to keep the same tree/ref to keep the context), but more than happy to simplify. (I will only check the build info below still makes sense wrt referencing versions to use; TBC)

> For versions of Xcode and Swift this branch of Firefox for iOS works with, and the minimum iOS supported version, see [readme](../README.md) at the root of the project.

Author: Exactly. Thanks for confirming, love all the simplification. I'm updating all the places as we speak for consistency.

> For versions of Xcode and Swift this branch of Firefox for iOS works with, and the minimum iOS supported version, see [readme](../README.md) at the root of the project.

Author: (Adding a period to finish the sentence:)

```suggestion
For details on compatible Xcode and Swift versions used to build this project, as well as the minimum iOS version, refer to the root [README](../README.md).
```

## Getting Involved

> For information about participation, communications channels, instructions how to run on devices using free personal developer accounts, coding standards or PR rules, see the [guidelines](https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/firefox-ios/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) on how to contribute to this project.

Author: (Fixed markdown:)

```suggestion
For information on how to contribute to this project, including communication channels, coding style, PR naming guidelines and more, visit the [Contribution guidelines](https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/firefox-ios/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

## Building the code

> 1. Install the version of [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/download/applications/) from Apple that matches what this project uses, as listed in the [table](../README.md) at repository root.

Author: (Punctuation added:)

```suggestion
1. Install the version of [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/download/applications/) from Apple that matches what this project uses, as listed in the root [README](../README.md).
```
